enter
Mr. Tang
It's time to get off work.
sarcastic
Speak up
It's rare to see Mr. Tang so unhappy
Why is everything going wrong recently?
What's your business?
Hey, what are you doing hanging around in front of me, the defendant lawyer?
What's the matter, your green has closed down and there is no land to go.
Okay, let's get down to business
An Kexin is anxious. He recently asked me why it took so long, and the court didn't even have a subpoena
No adjustment either.
What's the situation now?
His lawyer
Strange
Why do you think he is so active as a defendant?
He is not positive
I guess I'm flustered
As soon as this matter came to light
I can't even take the show
I can only wash my face with tears at home all day
Oh, it worries me.
What's your problem?
Go and comfort him
What a great opportunity. Look
You're choreographing me again
Boring hum
Ah hey
What's the hurry, let's talk for a while, I have nothing to talk about with you
Our relationship is awkward
Talk too much
Was seen
I can't afford that.
This is what I want to talk to you about
What do you mean?
Tang Jian
So many years
Although you and I are always on opposite sides of the prosecution and defense
But it's work after all
In fact, I admire you from the bottom of my heart
And I've never regarded you as a real enemy
Speak up